Expose from_pretrained keyword arguments (#4651)
allenai/allennlp: CHANGELOG.md

  by adding a class-level variable called `authorized_missing_keys` to any PyTorch module that a `Model` uses.
  If defined, `authorized_missing_keys` should be a list of regex string patterns.
- Added `FBetaMultiLabelMeasure`, a multi-label Fbeta metric. This is a subclass of the existing `FBetaMeasure`.

> - Added ability to pass `transformers`-related keyword arguments through to `from_pretrained` via `overrides`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added ability to pass additional key word arguments to `cached_transformers.get()`, which will be passed on to `AutoModel.from_pretrained()`.
- Added an `overrides` argument to `Predictor.from_path()`.
```
